# Personal Website

Website written in TypeScript with Svelte 5, daisyUI, and Tailwind CSS. Deployed on CloudFlare.

## Dev Notes (For myself or anyone else wanting to do similar project)

1. Tailwind v4 removes the `tailwind.config.js` file and everything is now done with the `.css` file that is imported into our routes.
2. Can use [cloudflare](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) for deploying. It's better gh-pages because it's easier to deploy and manage everything.
3. Update node version by adding environment version of `NODE_VERSION` to version you want.
4. In `svelte.config.js` add `import adapter from '@sveltejs/adapter-static';` and `npm install @sveltejs/adapter-static`.
5. Remember to add in `routes/+layout.ts`, `export const prerender = true;`.
6. Make sure the build output is correct. Cloudflare's SvelteKit outputs to `.svelte-kit/cloudflare` by default but usually our build directory is `build`.

## Svelte (sv, autogenerated)

Everything you need to build a Svelte project, powered by [`sv`](https://github.com/sveltejs/cli).

### Creating a project

If you're seeing this, you've probably already done this step. Congrats!

```bash
# create a new project in the current directory
npx sv create

# create a new project in my-app
npx sv create my-app
```

### Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

### Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://svelte.dev/docs/kit/adapters) for your target environment.

